📖 Amend KCP proposal with remediation while provisioning the CP (#7855)
kubernetes-sigs/cluster-api: docs/proposals/20191017-kubeadm-based-control-plane.md

  for additional details. When there are multiple machines that are marked for remediation, the oldest one will be remediated first.

- Following rules should be satisfied in order to start remediation
  - One of the following apply:
    - The cluster MUST not be initialized yet (the failure happens before KCP reaches the initialized state) 
    - The cluster MUST have at least two control plane machines, because this is the smallest cluster size that can be remediated.
  - Previous remediation (delete and re-create) MUST have been completed. This rule prevents KCP to remediate more machines while the
    replacement for the previous machine is not yet created. 
  - The cluster MUST have no machines with a deletion timestamp. This rule prevents KCP taking actions while the cluster is in a transitional state.
  - Remediation MUST preserve etcd quorum. This rule ensures that we will not remove a member that would result in etcd

>     losing a majority of members and thus become unable to field new requests (note: this rule applies only to CP with at least replicas)

Author: https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/cluster-api/pull/8018

  for additional details. When there are multiple machines that are marked for remediation, the oldest one will be remediated first.

- Following rules should be satisfied in order to start remediation
  - One of the following apply:
    - The cluster MUST not be initialized yet (the failure happens before KCP reaches the initialized state) 
    - The cluster MUST have at least two control plane machines, because this is the smallest cluster size that can be remediated.
  - Previous remediation (delete and re-create) MUST have been completed. This rule prevents KCP to remediate more machines while the
    replacement for the previous machine is not yet created. 
  - The cluster MUST have no machines with a deletion timestamp. This rule prevents KCP taking actions while the cluster is in a transitional state.
  - Remediation MUST preserve etcd quorum. This rule ensures that we will not remove a member that would result in etcd

>     losing a majority of members and thus become unable to field new requests.

Reviewer: Nit: do we need to restate this because of the first CPI use-case?

- Additionally following opt-in safeguard will be put in place:

>   - If we are remediating the same machine (delete, re-create, replacement machine gets unhealthy), it will be possible
>     to define a maximum number of retries, thus preventing un-necessary load on infrastructure provider e.g. in case of quota problems.
>   - If we are remediating the same machine (delete, re-create, replacement machine gets unhealthy), it will be possible
>     to define a delay between each retry, thus allowing the infrastructure provider to stabilize in case of temporary problems.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  - If we are remediating the same machine (delete, re-create, replacement machine gets unhealthy), it will be possible
    to define a maximum number of retries, thus preventing unnecessary load on infrastructure provider e.g. in case of quota problems.
  - If we are remediating the same machine (delete, re-create, replacement machine gets unhealthy), it will be possible
    to define a delay between each retry, thus allowing the infrastructure provider to stabilize in case of temporary problems.
```
